We are so excited to be launching the 2025 Masterclasses and 2026 Conference start of the 2026 Conference. So we've got new presenters this year including Sir Ed Colkencar, Heziah Gibbons and Nikki Emerton. We've got some favourites back and confirmed for 2026 Conference on Michael Hall. Soon night, man a beautiful combination of Nishit Shah and Judith Lowe. We've got fresh, innovative new topics for you over the next couple of years including the grounded model from Jairna Harper, emotional identity techniques and living life in 4D. And of course this all starts in February 2025 with Richard Bolster presenting a six hour masterclass on the creation cycle. So how do you access all these fresh, innovative and new presentations? You can choose individual masterclasses and just cherry pick those that you want. You can save money by opting for the masterclass collection. And if you're intending to come to the conference in person in 2026 then that is by far the best option because included in your conference ticket are all the masterclasses for 2025 and 2026. You can even spread the cost of your conference ticket if you apply before the 31st of December. And in case you're interested, here's some feedback from the 2024 Conference. I have had the best time so to take a weekend out of your week when you're really busy on the first big scenes like a lot but I'm so glad I've come to this conference. I've had so many amazing people. I want to hear Karen say that next year there's going to be 10 masterclasses so you get to go to one like every month or 10 months. It'll really help embed that learning and keep connected. So much content, so many great people, wonderful presenters. I can't wait to catch up with all the videos of the ones that haven't been able to get to one person. So yeah, thanks A&LB, another roaring success from my point of view. So with so many options available to you, which one are you going to choose? Visit the website, go to upcoming events and choose whichever options you want to go for. I remember the festivals too in 2024 and in 2025. We really look forward to welcoming you to one of our events over the next couple of years.